PATAGON: Patagons are ancient tribes that roams in the forest in balance with nature.Patagons are tall,most of them presents black long hairs with ornaments and wear coats of leather or fiber plant skirts. The young and adults work as recolectors or hunters,. They mostly feed on vegetables, plants and fruits.The culture prohibits killing a body and leave it, and most keep the dead corpse till they have consumed it in all ways possible to make his death not in vain.But they try to avoid at all costs violence to animals.
They believe the spirit of the animal they kill most be honour by letting it´s corpse be part of them, So they don't hunt often but if they do hunt one animal you must carry its spirit by dressing with its fur, skeleton and eat it, so it can be part of yourself. The bravest warriors of Patagon tribes look for Demons to kill, they say killing a demon that is destroying the balance in nature, not only makes a good deed but being one with the demon spirit gives a lot of power to the owner but it's quite hard to not let the demon spirit possess you.
Shamans are the guides of the tribes, they are the only ones allowed to kill one animal, and for that day on you will have to mask yourself as the animal you killed. The elder the animal the wisest you will become by letting its spirit possess you. But in return the spirit of the animal will decide when you will die and how. Shamans of different tribes gathered once in a while to make a festival to celebrate life but also to discuss important matters.
Patagons also have the natural gift of understanding Animals and sense them and catastrophes from far away. With this ability a Patagon can not only communicate with animals but, be part of an Animal clan by completing different tasks the clan´s leader asks for. This gives the patagon new non-humans allies and partners.		
The tribe is quite ancient, this made it experience most of nature resources of Health,Food and cleansing.This makes you have more knowledge on prime materials around you and how to use them to your advantage.

----------------

THERON:Theron is a roman-greek inspired nation, peaceful but lost connection with nature, however they specialize in research and human arts. A growing civilization divided by a river, is the home artists and alchemy. Their people are quite diverse because its a popular city for people interested in art and alchemy so a lot of foreigners go to study or work there. They have politics and laws you must follow to live there. People that isn't interested in Studying art or alchemy make big windmill farms near the limits of the city, the countryside life is quite peaceful.Though townsfolk think about field people as ignorant and dumb, they produce,forge and craft most of the food and search for ingredients for alchemists.The culture is mostly focused on art and wealth, so they periodically have public parties where they drink and laugh. The king of Theron is noble and kind, his sons and daughters are destined to keep the reign so there is a big dispute there.
They have senators to speak publicly the announcements or news of the king orders, and to discuss or hear the town’s complaints. Their clothing can easily define the hierarchy your in. poor torned wraps are for the poor or the slaves, White tunics with scarfs for the plebs 
(The scarf also works as a identification since they like to draw stuff on it including names and city of origin) and the royal family with the senators and assistants wear tunics with golden ornaments. Also the military most of the time wears its particular armor and weapon.
There exists 4 main towns counting the private royal family territory as a town.
Being an artist in Theron is the most well paid jobs since most of the population likes to have brilliant and complex decorations for their homes, outfits or pets in some cases. They take their social stability and superiority very serious.
Studying the Alchemy path is the second well paid job, their artificial way of living let them to weakening against nature and common diseases. So Theron started a campaign to raise awareness of the need of better solutions. and so they funded one of the best and biggest institute to learn alchemy. This lead to inventions such as potions and antidotes but also lead to a bigger experimentation of beverages and ingredients.

----------------

BENELHELM: Benelhelm is the most advanced civilization in terms of technology dominance, Their capital is full of giant rigid airships and advances like chariots or tall buildings. The sky is full of smoke and vapor, the city is moved by the big competence of engineering and technicians. Most of the people there work in big factories and so are quite strong. They mostly use fabric clothing and leather or brass accessories. The cities are in high distances on mountains, So they develop an immunity to vertigo or dizziness and the people entertainment comes from airship racing and parachute jumping. They are notorious for having the best engineers in the whole land and for not letting foreigners see their culture only to the ones that will stay there. They don't like sharing their secrets.
They were invaded by the Goth empire once but then the goths realised Benelheliams had a trick on the sleeve; They had invented a material called gunpowder and a automatic weapon that shoots it transformed into a blazing projectile. This new invention let more curiosity about this incredible place.
The majority of people in Benelhelm tend to work as a technician, engineer or assistant since they are fascinated with riding the skies and oceans. These lead to a lot of private customers buying for large quantities their works. This is the main economic sustain of Benel helm.
However, this private customer economy also lead to selling machinery for forming Pirate gangs that plow the seas and skies in search of bounty or to steal/attack small villages. 
The army is known for having a special line of defense of gunslingers; Special troops that have the newest and confidential weapons that Benelhelm have not even released as public, they also need to pass a really hard training of the senses because handling this weapons are quite dangerous.

----------------

GOTH EMPIRE: The goth empire is the biggest human nation to date; Two countries decided to mix into one, they live in the cold north side of the world, and its leaders tend to have a very discriminating point of view on other nations. This and the constant small conflicts it has with the world lend them to be tagged as villains. People here have pale tones, and have a very Victorian gothic style of clothing, the cities are grey and lacks color, but that's how they like it. They praise a national religion only and build churches in the gods honor. The emperor is from a long family of a dramatic and treacherous past, and reigns with an iron fist. Most of the conflicts they cause are for religious purposes. They don't like foreigners and tend to be really close to socializing and sharing. Their society is cold and calculating. Some people have a glance of diversity in their life by accident, and desert this lifestyle by escaping the city. a lot of this people end up being persecuted and killed, or hide and live in subterranean places made by them.
Goths are known for their massive armies of brainwashed people that kills without mercy, some people believes they curse their armies to feel no pain and to be obedient.
The bad habits implemented by the emperor deforested the near forest to almost extinction; Some of the resistances have precarious bases in the forests to spy and to aid new deserters.
Gothic culture and learning is focused on their god and obedience. only the strongest survives and they mostly work in building new structures or if you are unemployed your obligation is to join the army at age. The adulthood starts at 17 so if you dont work you will be hired to participate at the army.

-----------------

Wanderer:people that despite their homes decided to live an errant life are called wanderers, they can be from any nationality of the North or South, but also Some far East and far West wanderers also end up in this part of the map. Wanderers tend to work as bounty hunters or criminals to sustain themselves. However there are some points where most of them get reunited as hidden inns or bases.	Wanderers can go in packs or alone, but not belonging anywhere may bring the attention of people, so they live in the wild. They can also join any nation they want to live there; This will give them the perks of the specific nation.
These people can gather in Contract points to socialize and accept different bounties from all around the land. Being a bounty hunter can be quite hard but the rewards are great. They also have a entertaining job which is being a travelling duelist, basically they go from town to town looking in the inns for a worth opponent and challenge them. Only the best ones can join the duelist hidden temple to learn how to become even stronger.Also, they can join gangs or be lonely criminals, the more acts you comitt the more bounty will be on your head,so beware of taking this route. Gangs have their own territories and can dispute with other gangs.


